# NETWORK-OF-INFLUENCE-ON-THE-STOCK-MARKET-AND-ITS-IMPACT-ON-RISK-ANALYSIS
The goal of this research is to better understand the relationships between cryptocurrencies  and stock indexes, including how cryptocurrencies are interconnected. Preliminary  visualization revealed a trend of market movement across all cryptocurrencies, indicating a  substantial correlation. Initial analysis focusses on finding the correlation between the stock  indexes and cryptocurrencies value returns. Another objective is to study the volatility of the  asset value measured by standard deviation of each asset for a short period and to further  calculate the correlation between them. In order to express relationships between assets in a  pictorial format, graphs are used. The assets are represented by the graph vertices, and the  relationships between them are shown by edges in the graph. Further, centrality is crucial in  identifying important nodes. Two measures will be considered, Eigen-vector centrality (measuring likelihood of visitation to a node) and betweenness centrality (counting the  instance in which counts the instances in which a node acts as a bridge facilitating the  quickest and shortest route between two nodes). The tests were carried out on four indexes (three stock indexes and one crypto index) and six well-known cryptocurrencies based on  the quantity and accessibility of historical trading data. The results of the research based on  the time series of price returns, points to a strong relationship between Ethereum and  Bitcoin in cryptocurrencies, but Dow Jones and S&amp;P 500 have the strongest correlation  when it comes to stock indices. The moving average of volatility showed that cci30 is  highly volatile compared to other stock indexes and all six crypto currencies are highly  volatile. The network graph demonstrates the interconnectedness and clustering of the  selected cryptocurrency currencies. It’s evident that Bitcoin functions as a central node,  which means it has the highest likelihood of appearing on a random path in the graph.
